Project Overview
This project is built using Gradle and Spring Boot version 3.2.4. It aims to provide an application for order management. 

Configuring the mandatory google map API key :
In the application.properties set up the property "Google Maps API Key:" with your own API key. DO NOT PUSH YOUR KEY INTO THE REPOSITORY FOR SECURITY REASON. 
CF below detailed documentation about the application properties.

Running the Project with Docker
To run the project using Docker, follow these steps:

Build the Docker image:

docker-compose build
Start the Docker containers:

docker-compose up
Stop the Docker containers:

Automatic Deployment
The start.sh script is provided to automate the execution of the Docker Compose file for easy deployment.

Dependencies
1. Spring Boot Starter Data JPA
Usage: Provides support for Spring Data JPA.
2. Spring Boot Starter Web
Usage: Enables the development of web applications using Spring MVC.
3. Google Maps Services (Version 0.17.0)
Usage: Integrates Google Maps services into the application for distance calculation.
4. Project Lombok
Usage: Simplifies Java code by providing annotations to generate boilerplate code (getter, setter, equals and hashcode) during compilation.
5. MySQL Connector J
Usage: Allows the application to connect to a MySQL database.
6. H2 Database (Version 2.2.222)
Usage: Provides an in-memory database for testing purposes.

Project Structure
The project follows the structure outlined below:

- config
- controller
- dto
- entity
- enums
- exception
- repository
- service
  - validation
- tests
  - integration
  - unit

Testing
The project includes both integration tests for the API and the Google Maps service, as well as unit tests for controllers and services.

Application Properties
The application.properties file contains configurations for the app.

-Data Source Configuration:
spring.datasource.platform=mysql: Specifies the database platform as MySQL.
spring.datasource.initialization-mode=always: Initializes the data source on application startup.
spring.jpa.properties.hibernate.dialect=org.hibernate.dialect.MySQLDialect: Sets the Hibernate dialect for MySQL.

JPA Configuration:
spring.jpa.hibernate.ddl-auto=update: Automatically updates the database schema based on the JPA entity definitions.
spring.jpa.hibernate.show-sql=true: Displays SQL statements generated by Hibernate.

Google Maps API Key:
google.api.key= Specifies the API key required for accessing Google Maps services. 

Logging Configuration:

logging.level.org.springframework=ERROR: Sets the log level for Spring Framework classes to ERROR.
logging.level.com.numericaideas=DEBUG: Sets the log level for specific package (com.numericaideas) to DEBUG.
logging.level.org.hibernate.SQL=DEBUG: Sets the log level for SQL statements generated by Hibernate to DEBUG.
logging.level.org.hibernate.type.descriptor.sql.BasicBinder=TRACE: Sets the log level for SQL parameter binding details to TRACE.
